W-16441879-disclaimer-install-mule-runtime-versionf-fa (#557)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/install-mule-runtime-versions.adoc

// tag::intro[]
Anypoint Studio bundles the latest Mule runtime engine (Mule) version available for each release.

> If you choose to use a different Mule version than the one bundled in your Studio distribution, you can can install and update your projects to the latest Mule runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use a different Mule runtime version than the one bundled in your Studio distribution, you can install it and update your projects to the latest version.
```

[NOTE]

> Downgrading to a previous Mule runtime patch version is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio doesn’t support downgrading Mule runtime to an earlier patch version.
```
